The Joe Rogan experience.
Well, the white house commented on what I said about vaccines.
<Laugh> it's so funny. Fauci.
Hit you up. Well, he didn't hit me up necessarily. He disagreed with me.
Right? Yeah. Yeah. I got backed up, baby. Did you? I got one shot in the arm,
but didn't you already get COVID yeah, I had Ronna. I had it October.
So why did you get a vaccination?
I'm a sheep old dude. Part of the sheep, dude.
I wanted it because my antibodies, I think, were gone.
The last time we got tested for antibodies was three months after mm-hmm
<affirmative> and they said they were there, but they weren't super strong.
So you're scared. Yeah.
<Laugh> which you had the Johnson and Johnson?
No, dude. I'm AUR a mama. You.
Only got one though. Yeah. Why.
Didn't you get two? Because my second one is in like two weeks or a week. Oh,
they have to spread you out a month. Yeah. 21 days. Right? I got it. Nothing.
No, uh, I don't know, man. The whole thing,
like her Corona for me was weird already. So I was like, I don't know.
I'll just do that thing to not have it again. I bought into the system.
I'm a sheep. Well, it's.
Not being a sheep. It's I mean, there's some legit intimate science behind this.
It's not, this is like the thing about this whole thing. This, uh,
people being upset at me. I didn't say I'm not, I'm not an anti-vax person.
Right? In fact, I said, I believe they're safe.
And I encourage many people to take 'em. My parents were vaccinated.
I just said, I don't think at if you're a young,
healthy person that you need it, their argument was you need it for other.
People. So you don't transmit the virus. That makes more sense. So.
I'm a young, but that's a different.
Argument. That's a D conversation. I'm not so healthy person.
You're not that young. Okay, Joe. Thanks, man. You're not okay.
If you were a hot chick.
Then you'd say I was young. I'd be.
Like, you're on the ropes. <laugh>.
I backed up a little bit. How old you? 37. Yeah. You're on the ropes bro.
I, what do you mean? That's you have no children.
If you had no children and you're a hot chick.
Let's be honest. I'm older now you're on the ropes. Okay. Fine. It's not bad.
I'm getting older. I'm old.
As. Yeah, you are okay. I'm 53. I'm old as. I'm almost 20 years older than you.
When we celebrated your 50 year old 50th birth day, we were in Detroit.
Where were we? I forget. And I, and it hit me hard that you were 50. Yeah.
I was like, oh, my friend is 50 and I was starting to plan your funeral.
I was like, I was going through all that stuff. <laugh> I was like, what,
what are we.
Gonna do? But honestly it doesn't bother me.
No, because why? Cuz you're you're in such a great stride of I I'm.
On steroids. <laugh> I.
Choose. I give 'em.
To me, bro. I'm on uh,
testosterone replacement therapy and every vitamin known demand. I take a, a,
a giant athletic greens every day. Yeah.
I take a pallet of vitamins. I what do I need to take? Fantastic.
What do I need in the sauna every day?
Here's the thing like all these people that are saying, and in, in many ways,
listen, here's the thing. These are not like planned statements.
Let's be real clear. Yeah. When I say something stupid,
I'm not thinking about what I'm gonna say before I say it.
I'm just saying it right. I don't have an off air. An on-air voice.
I don't no, I have me. This is us. This is it. Yeah. Yeah. I,
I got through the net and I'm swimming in open water. <laugh> okay.
And that's just how I live. Yeah. Did I don't like,
if you say you disagree with me, I probably disagree with me too.
I disagree with me all the time. If you said, if someone said you have yeah.
Young, healthy,
21 year old people who eat and exercise are not at high risk
for coronavirus, but you should think about other people. I would say, well,
that's a different argument and yes, that makes sense.
But I would say aren't those people vaccinated and shouldn't we vaccinate the
vulnerable people. Yeah. And then we'd have a different conversation.
Or the problem is today, everything is all headlines and highlights.
It's all click bay, which is fine. That's the business. Yeah. And I, listen,
I have a deep respect for real journalism.
I love Glen green wall and Matt Taibbi and people that stick their neck out and
do real journalism.
But there's a lot of people out there that have to make a living.
And what's the best way to make a living. Well, here's one way,
take a jacket like me. <laugh> go over their podcast.
Go over this three hour drunken ridiculous podcast. Do we drink with Dave? Yes.
No. Dave Smith. I don't know. I don't think so. No, no.
I don't think we drink say no, probably not, but that's unusual. Yeah.
A lot of times we're drinking or time I'm here. We're high. Yeah. You know,
and I say, stupid. I get it.
And if you mind that and you make money off of that more power
to you. Sure. I don't care. Yeah. I'm happy for you. Right. But just don't lie.
Just don't lie. Right, right. Make, get a little click baby. We're good. Yeah.
That's okay. But I'm not gonna lie. Let me, let me say one other thing. Yeah.
I was going to get the vaccine.
I was scheduled to get the Johnson and Johnson vaccine.
The UFC had allocated a certain amount of vaccines for all their employees.
Right. And so Dana said, do you wanna come in and get the vaccine? I said, sure,
what day? And he said, we'll,
we'll set one aside when you come in for the fights, come get vaccine. I said,
okay, great. I went in there, I spoke to Dr. Davidson.
He said the way the CDC has the VA vaccines allocated,
we really have to do you at the clinic. So can you come to the hospital?
And I said, I can't, I don't have time. He said,
you'd have to come back on Monday. I said, I'll work this out.
And then it got pulled, right? Like right afterwards Johnson,
Johnson thing got pulled, which now here's the thing.
Any medication again, I'm not a doctor. I'm a moron.
And I'm a cage fighting commentator. Who's a dirty standup comedian.
<laugh> who just told you I'm drunk most of the time.
<laugh> and I do testosterone and I smoke a lot of weed,
but I'm not a respected source of information. Even for me,
if I say things, I'm always going check on that, Jamie.
I don't know if that's true. Right. I do do that all the time. Right.
But I at least try to be honest about what I'm saying
or what you feel. Yes. Yeah. That's what it is.